hi i m venky
Dear team,
I want to bid farewell to you all and inform you that I am leaving my position at fcr it project,Today is my last day at work.
Today I want to take the opportunity to thank you all for being a great team to work with. It has been an amazing working with you all these years and I will miss your enthusiasm, perseverance, and the ‘never say die’ spirit and of course the talent that you brought to our group. I thank you for all your support throughout and hope you continue to extend your cooperation to the current leadership teams and the succeeding manager. I wish you all, my fellow partners and everyone in the larger HSBC family, all the very best.  I would like to express my gratitude to all of you for providing me your support throughout the term of my job. I’ve learned so much from your experience, advice, and guidance over the past year, and my time spent  on this team has been such a valuable part of my career journey. I know I’ll carry the things I’ve learned here with me to my next adventure, and I’ll always look back on this experience with a lot of fondness.
I’m wishing you all the best moving forward,And, thanks again for being a part of making my time here at hsbc  such a great one!


Hi raghu,
I take this opportunity to thank you for your guidance and support throughout my time at the HSBC as an associate consultant.I’m glad to have been a part of fcr it in which I got a chance to work in the fcr it central team and learnt many things. I have enjoyed working with you in this project. You had been my mentor, friend and guide in this organization. Not only professionally, but our friendly relationship had given immense pleasure.I have been extremely satisfied with my work at HSBC, working under your guidance has been a learning and an enjoyable experience. I thank you for your support and encouragement in this duration. 
Before leaving, I wanted to express my gratitude for the supervision I have received while working here, which has immensely helped me develop my personal and professional skills. You had been an example for me. I have learnt to balance work and family, devoting time for everyone, satisfying everybody to their fullest, is really appreciable. The talent to handle work pressure without letting out on the team members, encouraging subordinates I have hardly known anyone with such great leadership quality. Nevertheless, I have learnt a lot from you and my colleagues during my work here. It’s really nice to learn a lot of new things which would have not been possible without all your support. 
You have been a great manager, mentor, teacher, and guide. Your support and advice has helped shape my professional career. Thanks for being the best boss ever. Words can neither qualify nor quantify how helpful your guidance and advice has been. I am forever grateful for your support. You are a role model for me and many others in our organization, and though I am sad to see you go, I know that you will excel in whatever you do next. I’m grateful for the time that we’ve been able to work together and am happy knowing that you will go on to affect many others in your career.


i have created a ctu slave node for ctu engagement, mata data is present in that server,so we can connect to that server mata data and then job will be executed. ctu jenkins node is working fine but while cloning the sas automation is getting error.
